Atlas Edit Proposal — 2026-06-08 (#255)
makerdao/next-gen-atlas: content/A/1/10/2/7/1/1/1/document.md

---
id: 7bd3f4a0-899a-4954-a00e-48b6fbce922c
docNo: A.1.10.2.7.1.1.1
name: Deployment And Initialization Script Structure
type: Core
depth: 8
childType: sections_and_primary_docs
---

###### A.1.10.2.7.1.1.1 - Deployment And Initialization Script Structure [Core]

Deployment logic and initialization logic must be structured as follows:

- Deployment logic must be extracted into a Solidity library that accepts constructor arguments and deploys the contract.
- Initialization logic must be extracted into a Solidity library that performs post-deployment configuration, including granting roles and setting state.
- The deployment script must orchestrate the deployment by calling the deployment and initialization libraries.

> Deployment and initialization logic must be combined into a single library unless there is reasonable justification for separation.

Reviewer: Content analysis of amendments regarding logical consistency, systemic loopholes, and linguistics: [Notion](https://sky-proposal-analysis.notion.site/Atlas-Edit-Weekly-Cycle-Proposal-2026-06-15-37ea66bbb6b8802281e5cfa68ee5a1a8).

```suggestion
Deployment logic and initialization logic must be separated into distinct, isolated Solidity libraries to minimize cross-context execution risks.
```
